Hello, and welcome to the second part
of our implementation of the recurrent neural network.
Part 2: Building the RNN
That's in this part where we gonna build the whole
architecture of this neural network.
A robust architecture, because we're not only gonna make
a simple LSTM.
We're gonna make a stacked LSTM with some dropout
regularization to prevent over fitting.
And speaking of dropout, as you can see,
what I included in the imports of the keras libraries
and packages.
Not only am I importing the sequential class
that will allow us to create a neural network object
representing a sequence of layers, but also the dense
class to add the output layer.
The LSTM class, to add the LSTM layers.
And, the dropout class to add some dropout regularization.
So there we go.
That's all we will need to build this powerful RNN.
Therefore lets do this now, so that we get,
the right tools.
Execute
There we go, using TenserFlow backend.
And the import
should
be
done
in any
second.
And there we go, perfect.
We have the right classes.
And now we gonna initialize our RNN.
That's the first step of this big part 2.
Building the RNN.
We gonna initialize our Recurrent Neural Network.
As a sequence of layers, as opposed to a
computational graph.
We gonna build later on in this course, in volume two,
some computational graphs.
And we're gonna do this with firetorch, because for this,
firetorch is much more powerful
thanks to the dynamic graphs.
But for now, we're making a Recurrent Neural Network.
And Keras is perfectly fine and so we're gonna use
the sequential class from keras to introduce our.
This time...
Regressor...
As...
a sequence...
of...
layers.
Regressor is now an object of the sequential class
which represents exactly the sequence of layers.
And why did I call it regressor this time?
As opposed to classifier like in the first two parts.
ANN and CNN.
Well that because this time we're predicting a continuous
output.
A continuous value, which is the google stock price,
twenty plus one.
And therefore we are doing some regression.
A reminder, regression is about predicting the
continuous value.
And classification is about creating a (mumble), a class.
So, this time we're predicting a continuous value.
And therefore I called my neural network, my recurrent
neural network regressor.
Alright, and that's it.
That initializes the RNN.
So we are going to execute this line.
There we go.
Regressor equals sequential.
And congratulations.
You have initialized your regressor.
And now we gonna add the different layers,
to make it a powerful stacked LSTM.
And we're gonna do that in the next tutorials.
Until then, enjoy the training.